Yet Another Markdown Pull Request (#193)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: birthday/README.md

# Birthdays

> This custom command adds a birthday functionality to your server, wishing members all the best on their respective date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This custom command adds birthday functionality to your server, wishing members all the best on their respective date.
```

## Features

> * Send a congratulation message in the chat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Send a configurable message in the chat on birthdays
```

> * Kick or Ban users younger than 13 years

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kick or ban users younger than 13 years
```

> * Kick or ban users younger than 13 years

Reviewer 2: Maybe add: `if so you want` here

Author: More tending towards -1 on that, should become evident when reading the documentation...
The feature list was purely meant as a small selection of features, whether configurable or optional doesn't matter.

> * Allow users to set their birthday date

Reviewer: "Birthday date" sounds... repetitive to me. Birthday implies date to me, so I think it could just be "[...] to set their birthday". Your choice though, not a big deal.

Author: Agreed, sort of redundant. Will change it

* Allow staff to edit/remove birthdays

## Installing

> As usual, there are leading comments in each file describing where to put the script and which trigger to use. 

Reviewer 2: There is only one file and no leading comments, the only comments are explaining the variables, all explanations are on this file.

Additionally, we've documented how and where to add this script down below.

If you instead want to update to v2, because you used an older version, please click [here](#Updating).

| ⚠ To be able to add custom commands, you need control panel write access. |
| ---- |

Add the only command, [birthday.go.tmpl](birthday.go.tmpl) as a new custom command. The trigger is going to be a RegEx trigger as follows.

###### Birthday CC trigger
```
\A\-(my|start|stop|set|get|del)b(irth)?days?
```
| ℹ Make sure to replace `-` with your server's prefix. |
| ---- |

Save for now, so it doesn't get lost.

## Configuration
Before your birthday custom command is ready to go, you still need to configure a few things. Please read carefully through their decription before changing anything.

- `$mods`<br>
    List of role IDs you consider moderator. Separate multiple role IDs by spaces.
- `$ChannelID`<br>

>     Configures where the birthday messages are being sent to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The channel that birthday messages should be sent in.
```

- `$bdayMsg`<br>

>     This variable defines the message that'll be sent on a member's birthday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The message sent on a member's birthday.
```

- `$invertedOrder`<br>

>     Configure which date format will be used. If set to to `true`, YAGPDB will use the american notation `mm/dd/yyyy` instead of `dd/mm/yyyy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Date format to use. If set to to `true`, YAGPDB will use the american notation `mm/dd/yyyy` instead of `dd/mm/yyyy`.
```

- `$yearOptional`<br>

>     Set this to `true` to make the year optional. This will make it default to `2000`, should a member not give a year upon configuring their birthday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Whether the year is optional when configuring birthdays; set to `true` to enable. This will make the year default to `2000`, should a member not give a year upon configuring their birthday.
```

- `$kickUnderAge`<br>

>     If `true`, YAGPDB will kick users younger than 13 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Whether to kick users younger than 13 years old; set to `true` to enable.
```

- `$banUnderAge`<br>

>     Same as above, but instead will ban users younger than 13 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Same as above, but will instead ban users younger than 13 years old.
```

>     Same as above, but will instead ban users younger than 13 years old.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is necessary, but perhaps explicit that ban will take priority over kick? In other words, if both are set to `true`, the ban is the action that is going to happen. What you guys think?

## Commands
| ℹ All commands can be used with `bday` or `birthday`, such as `-getbday` or `-getbirthday`. |
| ---- |

- `mybirthday`<br>
    Syntax: `mybirthday dd/mm/yyyy` or `mybirthday mm/dd/yyyy`<br>
    Use: Set your birthday to the given date. Note that if `$invertedOrder` is true, you'd have to use the latter version, as it now uses american date notation.
- `startbirthday`<br>
    Syntax: `starbirthday [Duration:Duration]`<br>
    Use: Start announcing birthdays at the time of executing this command. Provide an optional duration to fine-tune the timing.
- `stopbirthday`<br>
    Syntax: `stopbirthday`<br>
    Use: Stops announcing birthdays immediately.
- `setbirthday`<br>
    Syntax: `setbirthday <User:Mention>`<br>
    Use: Set the birthday date of the mentioned user. Can only be used by users with at least one role in `$mods`.
- `getbirthday`<br>
    Syntax: `getbirthday <User:Mention>`<br>

>     Use: Get the birthday of the mentioned user.

Reviewer 2: This is also a mod only command.

      {{end}}
   {{end}}
{{else}}

>    Please wait... Deletion is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please wait... deletion is in progress.
```

>    Please wait... deletion is in progress.

Reviewer 2: nit picky but `D` here should be capitalized ig

Also, I don't have access to the line on the review, but `Still running deletation..` is also a typo.
